README.md, before:

# 🎮 University of Bristol Game Development & Design Society

![Banner](docs/_assets/banner.png)

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/actions/workflows/deploy-docs.yml"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/deploy-docs.yml?label=Docs%20Build&logo=github" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/gddbristol?igsh=NTI0c280bW1xeDFm"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@gddbristol-E4405F?logo=instagram&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://chat.whatsapp.com/Gexv7SPRjp82JHYYJUf6SS"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-Join%20Group-25D366?logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---

## ⚡ Quick Access

[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/View-Docs-2962FF?style=for-the-badge)](https://zingawawoo.github.io/GDD-Repo/)
[![Releases](https://img.shields.io/badge/Workshop-Downloads-2ea44f?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/releases)
[![Discussions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Community-Discussions-8957e5?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/discussions)
[![Events](https://img.shields.io/badge/Upcoming-Events-00c853?style=for-the-badge)](https://linktr.ee/gddbris)

---

## 🏗️ About

The **UoB Game Development & Design Society** is a community of students and creatives at the **University of Bristol** who love designing, programming, and sharing games together.

We run hands-on workshops covering:
- 🕹 **Game Engines** – Godot, Unreal, Unity  
- 🎨 **Art & Animation** – Pixel art, sprite creation, visual design  
- 🎵 **Audio & Sound Design**  
- 💾 **Programming & AI for Games**  
- 🧠 **Narrative & Game Design Principles**

Everyone is welcome — from total beginners to experienced devs!

---

## 🧭 Browse by Workshop Type

> Click a tile to open the folder containing all workshops for that category.

| Engine | Folder |
|---|---|
| 🟪 **Unreal Engine** | [`/workshops/unreal`](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/tree/main/workshops/unreal) |
| 🟦 **Unity** | [`/workshops/unity`](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/tree/main/workshops/unity) |
| 🟩 **Godot** | [`/workshops/godot`](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/tree/main/workshops/godot) |
| 🟧 **Blender** | [`/workshops/blender`](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/tree/main/workshops/blender) |

> Each workshop folder includes a README, slides, starter files, and (optionally) solutions.

---

## 📅 Next Workshop / Events

Stay up-to-date with our next sessions and events:  
👉 **[See our Events Page on Linktree](https://linktr.ee/gddbris)**

> *(You can also embed a calendar into the Docs site later — it’ll update automatically whenever events change.)*

---

## 🧑‍💻 Get Involved

Want to help run workshops, design slides, or contribute to projects?  
Start a **Discussion**, or message a committee member on **WhatsApp** or **Instagram**!

- 💬 [Start a Discussion →](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/discussions)
- 📸 [Follow us on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/gddbristol?igsh=NTI0c280bW1xeDFm)
- 💬 [Join our WhatsApp Group](https://chat.whatsapp.com/Gexv7SPRjp82JHYYJUf6SS)

---

## 🌍 Connect With Us

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/gddbristol?igsh=NTI0c280bW1xeDFm"><img height="32" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@gddbristol-E4405F?logo=instagram&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://chat.whatsapp.com/Gexv7SPRjp82JHYYJUf6SS"><img height="32" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-Join%20Group-25D366?logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://linktr.ee/gddbris"><img height="32" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linktree-gddbris-43E55E?logo=linktree&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---

## ⚖️ License
MIT © University of Bristol Game Development & Design Society  
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Add featured projects section to README
Added a section for featured projects including details about the flagship game 'Divine Departure'.

README.md, after:

# 🎮 University of Bristol Game Development & Design Society

![Banner](docs/_assets/banner.png)

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/actions/workflows/deploy-docs.yml"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/deploy-docs.yml?label=Docs%20Build&logo=github" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/gddbristol?igsh=NTI0c280bW1xeDFm"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@gddbristol-E4405F?logo=instagram&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://chat.whatsapp.com/Gexv7SPRjp82JHYYJUf6SS"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-Join%20Group-25D366?logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---

## ⚡ Quick Access

[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/View-Docs-2962FF?style=for-the-badge)](https://zingawawoo.github.io/GDD-Repo/)
[![Releases](https://img.shields.io/badge/Workshop-Downloads-2ea44f?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/releases)
[![Discussions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Community-Discussions-8957e5?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/discussions)
[![Events](https://img.shields.io/badge/Upcoming-Events-00c853?style=for-the-badge)](https://linktr.ee/gddbris)

---

## 🏗️ About

The **UoB Game Development & Design Society** is a community of students and creatives at the **University of Bristol** who love designing, programming, and sharing games together.

We run hands-on workshops covering:
- 🕹 **Game Engines** – Godot, Unreal, Unity  
- 🎨 **Art & Animation** – Pixel art, sprite creation, visual design  
- 🎵 **Audio & Sound Design**  
- 💾 **Programming & AI for Games**  
- 🧠 **Narrative & Game Design Principles**

Everyone is welcome — from total beginners to experienced devs!

---

## 🧭 Browse by Workshop Type

> Click a tile to open the folder containing all workshops for that category.

| Engine | Folder |
|---|---|
| 🟪 **Unreal Engine** | [`/workshops/unreal`](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/tree/main/workshops/unreal) |
| 🟦 **Unity** | [`/workshops/unity`](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/tree/main/workshops/unity) |
| 🟩 **Godot** | [`/workshops/godot`](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/tree/main/workshops/godot) |
| 🟧 **Blender** | [`/workshops/blender`](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/tree/main/workshops/blender) |

> Each workshop folder includes a README, slides, starter files, and (optionally) solutions.

---

## 📅 Next Workshop / Events

Stay up-to-date with our next sessions and events:  
👉 **[See our Events Page on Linktree](https://linktr.ee/gddbris)**

> *(You can also embed a calendar into the Docs site later — it’ll update automatically whenever events change.)*

---

## 🧑‍💻 Get Involved

Want to help run workshops, design slides, or contribute to projects?  
Start a **Discussion**, or message a committee member on **WhatsApp** or **Instagram**!

- 💬 [Start a Discussion →](https://github.com/Zingawawoo/GDD-Repo/discussions)
- 📸 [Follow us on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/gddbristol?igsh=NTI0c280bW1xeDFm)
- 💬 [Join our WhatsApp Group](https://chat.whatsapp.com/Gexv7SPRjp82JHYYJUf6SS)


---

## 🎮 Featured Projects

The GDD Society maintains several student-led game projects.  
Here is our current flagship game:

### **🔥 Divine Departure**
A fast-paced 2D isometric sword-fighting RPG built in **Godot 4** by members of the society.

- ⚔️ Precision combat, dodging, parries  
- 🧠 Enemy AI and action-RPG systems  
- 🎨 Hand-drawn visuals and stylish effects  
- 🤝 Open for contributors

👉 **GitHub Repo:** https://github.com/Zingawawoo/DivineDeparture  
👉 **How to Contribute:** See the project’s `CONTRIBUTING.md`

If you want your project showcased here, open a Discussion or contact a committee member!

---

## 🌍 Connect With Us

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/gddbristol?igsh=NTI0c280bW1xeDFm"><img height="32" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-@gddbristol-E4405F?logo=instagram&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://chat.whatsapp.com/Gexv7SPRjp82JHYYJUf6SS"><img height="32" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-Join%20Group-25D366?logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://linktr.ee/gddbris"><img height="32" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linktree-gddbris-43E55E?logo=linktree&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---

## ⚖️ License
MIT © University of Bristol Game Development & Design Society  
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
